<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<?axml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"  ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
</head>

<body>
	<div style = "margin: 20px;">
  <p style="margin-top: 80px; font-weight: bold;"><b><center>NAMESAKE: WHEN GOD REWRITES YOUR STORY</center></b></p>
<p style="margin-top: 20px;"><center>Copyright © 2013 Abingdon Women</center></p>
<br />
<center>All rights reserved.</center>
No part of this work may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic
or mechanical, including photocopying and recording, or by any information storage or retrieval
system, except as may be expressly permitted by the 1976 Copyright Act or in writing from
the publisher. Requests for permission can be addressed to Permissions, The United Methodist
Publishing House, P.O. Box 801, 201 Eighth Avenue South, Nashville, TN 37202-0801, or emailed to
permissions@umpublishing.org.
<br />
<br />
All scripture quotations, unless otherwise indicated, are taken from the Holy Bible, New International Version®,
NIV®. Copyright © 1973, 1978, 1984, 2011 by Biblica, Inc.TM Used by permission of Zondervan. All rights reserved
worldwide. www.zondervan.com. The “NIV” and “New International Version” are trademarks registered in
the United States Patent and Trademark Office by Biblica, Inc.™
<br />
<br />
Scripture quotations noted CEB are from the Common English Bible. Copyright © 2011 by the Common English
Bible. All rights reserved. Used by permission. www.CommonEnglishBible.com.
<br />
<br />
Scripture quotations marked NASB are taken from the New American Standard Bible®, Copyright © 1960,
1962, 1963, 1968, 1971, 1972, 1973, 1975, 1977, 1995 by The Lockman Foundation. Used by permission. (www.Lockman.org)
<br />
<br />
Scripture quotations marked (ESV) are from The Holy Bible, English Standard Version® (ESV®), copyright ©
2001 by Crossway, a publishing ministry of Good News Publishers. Used by permission. All rights reserved.
<br />
<br />
Scripture marked NCV is taken from the New Century Version®. Copyright © 2005 by Thomas Nelson, Inc..
Used by permission. All rights reserved.
<br />
<br />
Scripture quotations marked NLT are taken from the Holy Bible, New Living Translation, copyright © 1996,
2004, 2007. Used by permission of Tyndale House Publishers, Inc., Carol Stream, Illinois 60188. All rights
reserved.
<br />
<br />
Scripture marked WEB is taken from the World English Bible.
<br />
<br />
Scripture quotations marked “NKJV™” are taken from the New King James Version®. Copyright © 1982 by
Thomas Nelson, Inc. Used by permission. All rights reserved.
</div>
</body>
</html>
